1320091678
AddConfirmableFieldsToUsers	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/db/migrate/20111031195207_add_confirmable_fields_to_users.rb	class AddConfirmableFieldsToUsers 
Application	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateProjects	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/db/migrate/20111011213415_create_projects.rb	class CreateProjects 
CreateTickets	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/db/migrate/20111018210403_create_tickets.rb	class CreateTickets 
DeviseCreateUsers	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/db/migrate/20111020210355_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
EmailHelpers	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/features/step_definitions/email_steps.rb	module EmailHelpers
HtmlSelectorsHelpers	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/features/support/selectors.rb	module HtmlSelectorsHelpers
NavigationHelpers	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/features/support/paths.rb	module NavigationHelpers
Project	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/models/project.rb	class Project 
ProjectTest	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/test/unit/project_test.rb	class ProjectTest 
ProjectsController	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	class ProjectsController 
ProjectsControllerTest	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/test/functional/projects_controller_test.rb	class ProjectsControllerTest 
ProjectsHelper	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/helpers/projects_helper.rb	module ProjectsHelper
ProjectsHelperTest	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/test/unit/helpers/projects_helper_test.rb	class ProjectsHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
Ticket	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/models/ticket.rb	class Ticket 
Ticketee	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/config/application.rb	module Ticketee
TicketsController	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	class TicketsController 
TicketsHelper	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/helpers/tickets_helper.rb	module TicketsHelper
User	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/models/user.rb	class User 
WithinHelpers	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/features/step_definitions/web_steps.rb	module WithinHelpers
change	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/db/migrate/20111011213415_create_projects.rb	  def change
change	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/db/migrate/20111018210403_create_tickets.rb	  def change
change	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/db/migrate/20111031195207_add_confirmable_fields_to_users.rb	  def change
create	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def create
current_email_address	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/features/step_definitions/email_steps.rb	  def current_email_address
destroy	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/db/migrate/20111020210355_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def edit
find_project	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def find_project
find_project	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	    def find_project
find_ticket	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	    def find_ticket
index	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def new
path_to	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/features/support/paths.rb	  def path_to(page_name)
selector_for	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/features/support/selectors.rb	  def selector_for(locator)
show	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
title	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def title(*parts)
up	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/db/migrate/20111020210355_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def update
with_scope	/home/kviny/Projects/ticketee/features/step_definitions/web_steps.rb	  def with_scope(locator)
